README.md, before:

# Jobs
Vacancies at Encentivize


## Position availalbe for a junior Industrial Psychologist/ Behavioural Consultant
We are looking for an industrial psychologist to join our dynamic team and product. This individual must be interested in organisational culture, reward and recognition, motivation, behavioural economics as well as technology.
Our team is dynamic and self-driven and we are looking for someone who is able add value to our product and service offering.
As a Behavioural Consultant you will navigate clients through the process of defining the behaviors which drive their company objectives and culture. The Behavioral Consultant sets-up – and ensures a smooth implementation of the program and provides a key account management function. The position furthermore requires doing research for product development and writing articles and content for our trendy [Do Work Happy](http://doworkhappy.co.za) and Workpoints [blog sites](http://blog.workpoints.co.za/) on a rotating basis. As part of a new venture, additional duties also include supporting the business in marketing and sales initiatives.

Preferred Qualifications/Experience

- Registered industrial psychologist with the HPCSA
- Interest or expertise in motivation, rewards/loyalty environment
- 1-2 years’ work experience (see list below)
- Must have a valid driver’s license and own vehicle
- Experience within software development industry will be advantageous.
  
Behaviours /Competencies

- Ability to self-manage and think on your feet;
- Emotionally intelligent;
- Well presented;
- Values high quality of work and timeous execution;
- Enjoys research and sales;
- Entrepreneurial spirit;
- Solution orientated;
- Ability and willingness to fulfil roles beyond normal IOP qualification;
- Adaptable and flexible;
- Professional and accountable
- Ability to listen, debate and defend ideas

Skills

- Broad understanding of behavioral psychology and organizational psychology;
- Interest in, and understanding of organizational culture;
- Interest in, and understanding of reward and recognition programmes;
- Deep understanding of business principles;
- Business level communication skills (verbal, written and presentation);
- Project management;
- Data analysis and solution development;
- Key account management;
- Ability to execute;
- General administration.


## Position for a junior developer on the Encentivize Engineering Team
Encentivize is hiring! We’re on the hunt for a tech obsessed person to help us build killer products. If you match the below, and think you’d like to join our challenge, drop us a line - we’d love to meet you! 

- Recent graduate to 1 year experience
- Engineering or Computer Science degree
- Would love to work on a scalable product that is small now but needs super keen, sharp people to help grow over the long term (as opposed to consulting)
- Interest / experience / personal projects in mobile dev, web dev advantageous
- Other creative skills such as photoshop, writing, design abilities advantageous
- Willing to work in a mixed-skill small team with other professionals, and learn concepts beyond coding (eg. working with Industrial Psychologists, Marketing and Sales experts etc)
 
## About Encentivize (and Workpoints in particular)
We're a small team, bent on making world class internet products. We don't see why we can't make killer software products in South Africa, that have universal appeal and market. Our flagship product, www.workpoints.co.za, is our play at software and solutions that makes staff rewards, recognition and engagement simple and available to everyone. We go to great lengths to make our solutions effortless to setup up and simple to use, and our goal is to change and enhance the relation of employees and their peers and their companies. 
 
As for our engineering side, we are not tied to any particular technology or system. We believe in giving developers as much autonomy as possible, and use as little decorative process as possible. Developers handle everything from dev to production deployment. We run on our own terms, and your input to the direction of the products is as important as your technical skill. 
 
We are exploring the world of microservices and scalable architecture. At the moment, our main technologies are mongo, node and angular, running on Azure, but we are always on the lookout for the best tools for the job.

## Get in touch
If you are interested, or would like to find out more, give us a shout at bradley@encentivize.co.za. We'd love to meet you.

Commit message:

added contact info and hyperlinks to social

README.md, after:

# Jobs
Vacancies at Encentivize


## Position availalbe for a junior Industrial Psychologist/ Behavioural Consultant
We are looking for an industrial psychologist to join our dynamic team and product. This individual must be interested in organisational culture, reward and recognition, motivation, behavioural economics as well as technology.
Our team is dynamic and self-driven and we are looking for someone who is able add value to our product and service offering.
As a Behavioural Consultant you will navigate clients through the process of defining the behaviors which drive their company objectives and culture. The Behavioral Consultant sets-up – and ensures a smooth implementation of the program and provides a key account management function. The position furthermore requires doing research for product development and writing articles and content for our trendy [Do Work Happy](http://doworkhappy.co.za) and Workpoints [blog sites](http://blog.workpoints.co.za/) on a rotating basis. As part of a new venture, additional duties also include supporting the business in marketing and sales initiatives.

Preferred Qualifications/Experience

- Registered industrial psychologist with the HPCSA
- Interest or expertise in motivation, rewards/loyalty environment
- 1-2 years’ work experience (see list below)
- Must have a valid driver’s license and own vehicle
- Experience within software development industry will be advantageous.
  
Behaviours /Competencies

- Ability to self-manage and think on your feet;
- Emotionally intelligent;
- Well presented;
- Values high quality of work and timeous execution;
- Enjoys research and sales;
- Entrepreneurial spirit;
- Solution orientated;
- Ability and willingness to fulfil roles beyond normal IOP qualification;
- Adaptable and flexible;
- Professional and accountable
- Ability to listen, debate and defend ideas

Skills

- Broad understanding of behavioral psychology and organizational psychology;
- Interest in, and understanding of organizational culture;
- Interest in, and understanding of reward and recognition programmes;
- Deep understanding of business principles;
- Business level communication skills (verbal, written and presentation);
- Project management;
- Data analysis and solution development;
- Key account management;
- Ability to execute;
- General administration.

To apply please email your cv to sandrak@p-cubed.co.za or contact us on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workpoints), Linked-in(https://www.linkedin.com/company/workpoints) or through www.workpoints.co.za

## Position for a junior developer on the Encentivize Engineering Team
Encentivize is hiring! We’re on the hunt for a tech obsessed person to help us build killer products. If you match the below, and think you’d like to join our challenge, drop us a line - we’d love to meet you! 

- Recent graduate to 1 year experience
- Engineering or Computer Science degree
- Would love to work on a scalable product that is small now but needs super keen, sharp people to help grow over the long term (as opposed to consulting)
- Interest / experience / personal projects in mobile dev, web dev advantageous
- Other creative skills such as photoshop, writing, design abilities advantageous
- Willing to work in a mixed-skill small team with other professionals, and learn concepts beyond coding (eg. working with Industrial Psychologists, Marketing and Sales experts etc)
 
## About Encentivize (and Workpoints in particular)
We're a small team, bent on making world class internet products. We don't see why we can't make killer software products in South Africa, that have universal appeal and market. Our flagship product, www.workpoints.co.za, is our play at software and solutions that makes staff rewards, recognition and engagement simple and available to everyone. We go to great lengths to make our solutions effortless to setup up and simple to use, and our goal is to change and enhance the relation of employees and their peers and their companies. 
 
As for our engineering side, we are not tied to any particular technology or system. We believe in giving developers as much autonomy as possible, and use as little decorative process as possible. Developers handle everything from dev to production deployment. We run on our own terms, and your input to the direction of the products is as important as your technical skill. 
 
We are exploring the world of microservices and scalable architecture. At the moment, our main technologies are mongo, node and angular, running on Azure, but we are always on the lookout for the best tools for the job.

## Get in touch
If you are interested, or would like to find out more, give us a shout at bradley@encentivize.co.za. We'd love to meet you.
